Add link to new comunity notebook (optimization) (#5195)
huggingface/transformers: notebooks/README.md

|[Fine-tune BERT for Multi-label Classification](https://github.com/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_multi_label_classification.ipynb)|How to fine-tune BERT for multi-label classification using PyTorch|[Abhishek Kumar Mishra](https://github.com/abhimishra91) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_multi_label_classification.ipynb)|
|[Fine-tune T5 for Summarization](https://github.com/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_summarization_wandb.ipynb)|How to fine-tune T5 for summarization in PyTorch and track experiments with WandB|[Abhishek Kumar Mishra](https://github.com/abhimishra91) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_summarization_wandb.ipynb)|

> |[Divide Hugging Face Transformers training time by 2 or more](https://github.com/ELS-RD/transformers-notebook/blob/master/Divide_Hugging_Face_Transformers_training_time_by_2_or_more.ipynb)|How to reduce significantly fine tuning times of any supported model|[Michael Benesty](https://github.com/pommedeterresautee) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1CBfRU1zbfu7-ijiOqAAQUA-RJaxfcJoO?usp=sharing)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Speed up Fine-Tuning in Transformers with Dynamic Padding / Bucketing](https://github.com/ELS-RD/transformers-notebook/blob/master/Divide_Hugging_Face_Transformers_training_time_by_2_or_more.ipynb)|How to speed up fine-tuning by a factor of 2 using dynamic padding / bucketing|[Michael Benesty](https://github.com/pommedeterresautee) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1CBfRU1zbfu7-ijiOqAAQUA-RJaxfcJoO?usp=sharing)|
```

Reviewer: Hope the renaming is ok :-)
